Rename GeneralizedTime to X509GeneralizedTime (#494)
alex/rust-asn1: README.md

asn1 = { version = "0.18", default-features = false }
```

## Changelog

### [0.19.0]

#### :rotating_light: Breaking changes

- `GeneralizedTime` has been renamed to `X509GeneralizedTime`. Indeed, for X.509, RFC5280
 stipulates that GeneralizedTime must not include fractionals but DER encoding allows 

>  them ( [XXX](https://github.com/alex/rust-asn1/pull/XXX) )

Author: ```suggestion
 them ( [494](https://github.com/alex/rust-asn1/pull/494) )
```

> - `GeneralizedTime` has been renamed to `X509GeneralizedTime`. Indeed, for X.509, RFC5280
>  stipulates that GeneralizedTime must not include fractionals but DER encoding allows 
>  them ( [494](https://github.com/alex/rust-asn1/pull/494) )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `GeneralizedTime` has been renamed to `X509GeneralizedTime`. The type does
  not allow fractional seconds, however this restrict is not actually a DER
  rule, it is specific to X.509.
  ([#494](https://github.com/alex/rust-asn1/pull/494))
```
